>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so we can open files.
We can read the files
from the file system.
There's a few other things
that we can do here.
These are all kinda silly.
I don't personally use them all that
often but you can do button label,
which will be instead of the word Open,
it'll be something else.
Does anyone have strong opinions on
what we should name our Open button?
>> Speaker 2: Unveil.
>> Steve Kinney: Unveil?
I will just let you know in my notes.
It's just wow, wow, wow,
wow, so this is better.
So do unveil, and this one,
if you're on a Mac,
you will never see, which is the title.
But if you're on Windows,
you will see this.
Just, it's that for
native file dialogues, modern versions
of MAC don't have a tunnel bar at all.
But if you're on Windows or Linux,
you will see this title in there as well.
All right, let's go ahead and
fire that up.
>> Steve Kinney: And
now you can see that when I select a file,
I can unveil it in my application.
All right, so
you got some customization here.
Again, if you were Window or Linux, there
would be a title bar up here that would
show you the open firewall document thing,
right?
MAC OS users will just have to trust me.
Do any of the Windows or LInux can
we verify we see something there?
All right, cool.
All right, so that's neat.
We can do stuff and
console.log it to the terminal.
Generally speaking, the users or
application are not going to
have the terminal open, right?
So having this cool user interface
here where we ask them for a file and
then show them nothing, I mean there
was that one, it was Yo App, right?
So I guess you could
make money off of this.
I don't wanna tell what
you can do with your life.
In Renderer, let's go ahead and
start to wire up the code.
And so we could say something
along the lines of openFileButton.
We'll addEventListener.
We'll say, hey, when they click that
button or they clock it, if they click it.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll also start with
an alert,
>> Steve Kinney: You
clicked the open file button!
Cool, the other thing we're gonna do
is we're gonna get rid of this function
right now.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll go ahead and
we'll start this up.
>> Steve Kinney: We hit open file,
we've clicked the open file button.